I've known about golden since 2005
maybe we played against each other in
high school he was awesome then I played
with him in college at Notre Dame he was
awesome then so I've known about golden
for a long time Golden Tate is still
awesome and he's still proving it to
Harrison Smith as well as his Lions
teammates this first David Everage right
now
there was lots to love last year Tate
had 99 receptions for 1331 yards I'm
telling you this guy is big-time
Golden Tate made a great catch
Oh baby what a catch he got the inside
step on Tim Jennings I was familiar with
him he played for Seattle year before
he's great after the catch
in 2014 tape left NFL receivers and
yards after the catch what I like about
Golding is he plays he plays bigger than
this side he's a quick guy but I'm
telling you he's one of those guys if
you don't wrap him up he's gonna take it
for those extra yards
take the five paper three
Michael pick up
bye-bye
take come back to a club I can watch him
drive down he's feisty he has he kind of
has that Steve Schmidt attitude it
doesn't seem to mind taking a hit
and he certainly doesn't mind dishing
one out
why execution by the
pants Calvin Johnson having golden
opposite and opens things up for both of
them
take produced when Calvin Johnson was
healthy and when Johnson was hurt in the
three games Calvin miss golden gained
349 yards with two touchdowns resulting
in three Lyons wins Calvin Johnson he's
a big deal for Gordon takes a big deal -
so he proved that this year